Token Bridge Feedback (#448)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: products/token-bridge/tutorials/multichain-token.md

Blockchain ecosystems are becoming increasingly interconnected, with assets often needing to exist across multiple networks to maximize their utility and reach. For example, tokens created on one chain may want to expand to others to tap into broader audiences and liquidity pools.

This guide explains how to create a multichain token, a token that seamlessly bridges across blockchains using the Wormhole protocol. The process is designed to be user-friendly. With just a few steps, your token can become multichain, enabling it to be traded or used on various networks.

> To complete the following steps, you'll need token in both the source and target chains of your token.

Reviewer: Mm.. we should have a prereqs section. But I believe @dawnkelly09 is cleaning this page up. So maybe don't need to worry about this now

> To complete the following steps, you'll need token in both the source and target chains of your token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To complete the following steps, you'll need tokens in both the source and target chains of your token.
```

![Target Chain Registration Screen](/docs/images/products/token-bridge/tutorials/multichain-tokens/multichain-token-2.webp)

## Send an Attestation

Attestation is a key step in the process. It verifies your token’s metadata, ensuring it is correctly recognized on the target chain’s blockchain explorer (e.g., [Etherscan](https://etherscan.io/){target=\_blank}).

> In the [Portal Bridge](https://portalbridge.com/advanced-tools/#/register){target=\_blank} token registration tool, with the token already registered in both source and target cahins, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Portal Bridge](https://portalbridge.com/advanced-tools/#/register){target=\_blank} token registration tool, after the token has already been registered in both source and target chains, take the following steps:
```

The final step is to create the wrapped token on the target chain. This token represents the original asset and enables its use within the target blockchain.

> In the [Portal Bridge](https://portalbridge.com/advanced-tools/#/register){target=\_blank} token registration tool, with the token already registered in both source and target cahins, and the attestation sent, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Portal Bridge](https://portalbridge.com/advanced-tools/#/register){target=\_blank} token registration tool, after the token has already been registered in both source and target chains and the attestation sent, take the following steps:
```
